And then I said, everybody, all right, beauty.
be another video along with foot
2015 and I left the gameplay background and
playing with bayern munich vs
juventus is in which five stars to
45 I do not know what it will be
and I played badly in this game and had a
player is expelled but is up to
some bids so unusual show
to you how're physics
dribbling right
First John of Oak speak that the
neighborhood is the best team so far I played
is the team that is most complete with
Robben and stronger players are
very strong is also to know if this
and you will now see that it mimics the
people speak very well in the area and
enjoying well is rebound and everything
You'll see what I do and what you 're doing.
exactly where the father locked it and went to
The ball hit the ball but it is
to predict that I'm improving in the
faults
and I'm here as well as the title of the
video to tell you some news
first konami if you lost
now explained was made public if
explain why Brazilian chile
details disclosed as agent
many people thought that
was it a goal of the game or is it some kind of
version that went wrong is some kind of
thing but it's what I more or less
I imagined but I was not sure why
I told you when you're sure that
the economy did not have all the rights to
all players released because here
In Brazil, everyone wants to win.
money on top of everyone already
know this then the economy has to
it already has the right of the teams thing
He did not get there because he could not
find the person to negotiate with anyone
failed to pay
she got talked so ah boss
this shit and no one got ready and
ended up consenting to Brazilians talking
have been able to find that it is negotiating
things and got the
release of the Brazilians with their
uniforms are and with
everything that has players right there and
everything else
Only a few times it's not there.
complete is the case of several teams there
known is so remember so and soon
beginning is the athletic Flemish miner and
São Paulo are teams that are not yet
updated and some movies that in the
before launch was not
updated as Basque and I think the
saints have also updated some
things but there are still players who
are complicated by the name of the
they do not exist but always do
an allusion to the name that really is
is the case of rogerio always looking
rogério com je acute accent is not worse
so you see it's a clear face I
we took a goal in a clear allusion to the
rogerio ceni né
only in ways not explicit so that
there is no reprisal for the
parties who defend the rights of
players there in the case of rogério ceni
well she said that this is being seen
it was not an abandoned thing
there was expelled and the bike passing in the u
this is one thing they are ignoring
are aware of this error and they are
running behind is updating until the
end of year
only we're already in at almost the
half of November today, day 13 of
November
then they're probably going to do this
See you next month, right?
I hope before Christmas and after
Christmas nothing else works in the world is
so they are aware of this I
I would like to give you this clarified
because it shows that we are not
playing dumb as well as certain
companies do with a city the age
income and activism are doing with the led
it's dodo
w I'll bring a video talking about
this for you
so they are being so a company
reputable walk to come announces
that they have this problem but that
is being resolved and that until the end of
year will be all cool there zinho
cute no team all right it was
asked if they even said they are
correct uniform is changed in Basque
two months is not correct
the uniform that is there is old uniform
because I do not honestly understand
because they do this kind of thing
still have a lot of update for
make a point of players is that already
They came out a few times already been to the
Other I do not understand why they phase is
one foot is so late so is leaving so
late and even time out before they
They are understanding that he left before
is the tip and almost got a corner kick.
he is the foot 2015 but they only in 2014
even if they late is a thing
impressive
I cited the example of Mary who is already
I was still in athletic Madrid with
athletic even in real madrid and he already
had gone a long time, right?
here was not in real madrid is the same
but unfortunately this is another thing
Unfortunately, we're going to have to
and I do not know what to swallow
that the new generation was not forgotten
was ignored
she was ignored by her feet as she went
in fifa
if you play pes on Playstation 4 on
xbox the year we will generate dream in general in
play in the old generation you seem to
is playing another game so
I am speaking clearly of the graph of
seop graphic engine gameplay
will change but the game is different the game
it's totally different is not this game
Locked is not I do not know for sure explain
for you guys make me understand a lot
people think I wanted to play the same
fish game of 14 answers and no no
that's it but it's something they used
everything they could use to do it.
new generation they paid to see the
relationship they got me 14 is a
hatchet and as they have already spoken
this in the comments
and it really is a bit of truth and
shit a little and you 'll find if you
want quality you like a video game
basically what konami did
and there it is made is that companies in general
they have done it this way we have given
money to them anyway they are
shitting and walking to our who is
finding old generation game is some
something that is natural and in a while
Let's stop launching games with so much
frequency up compare released games
to see the generation then you like
of games is getting ready together a
Bit to buy your videogame
new generation because unfortunately
This is the future, this is news.
konami has agreed to resolve the
problem explaining that you are better at
It's also better that you have
forgotten is the pomegranate have forgotten the
country in the old generation but unfortunately
We have to sleep with this and do what?
life if you want more explanations
questions or question in the comments
correspond is and any doubt
any criticism or praise when speaking in
comments so then this is it guys
liked the video of this likes its new
channel sign up and I'll do more
videos from other games I'm not
forgetting the games just a whole
special attention in the game that appeared
so this is the same as that kiss
Hugs and Kisses
I do not know